docs/README.md, before:

# Welcome!
First and foremost, welcome to Demisto! There are some things to know when it comes to the Demisto platform and the outline below should help you get started on the right foot.

If you have *ANY* questions, just ask. We will be more than happy to help you!

## Creating an Integration
After you have done the above, we will look at Demisto and get started on your first integration.

[Follow the steps here to learn about the Demisto IDE](docs/getting_started/README.MD)


## Code Conventions
The Demisto Code Conventions will help you understand how we format our Integrations and some of the tips and tricks we have developed over the years.

[Learn about the Demisto Code Conventions](docs/code_conventions/README.MD)
 
## Context and Outputs
The Demisto platform relies heavily on collecting data from various endpoints (integrations) and creating a "Context" for them. This allows customers to be able to use the data to perform various tasks they may need to accomplish.

[Click here to learn about Context and Outputs](docs/context_and_ouputs/README.MD)

## Context Standards
When we are working with data that is generic across all platforms, we format them according to our context standards. This helps integrations work interchangeably inside other playbooks.

[Learn about our Context Standards here](docs/context_standards/README.MD)

## Docker
In some cases, it will be necessary to create a docker image to enable your integration to run. When this happens, we must create a new docker image using the steps outlined here:

[Create a Docker Image](docs/docker/README.MD)

## Contributing
Finally, you have tested your code, it's working the way you'd like, and you made sure that your integration is not going to sneak any "surprise features" into Demisto. You are ready to push your code.

[Learn about sending your code through the Demisto Gauntlet](docs/contributing/README.MD)

Commit message:

Documentation Fixes (#2834)
* Copying documentation from internal-content to content

* Fixed some relative links

* Fixed the Main README to make docs accessible

* Documentation Enhancements

* Documentation Enhancements

* Fixed code conventions
started fetch incidents

* Added video code along

* Added video code along

* Changes to docker readme, and context

* Update docs/code_conventions/README.MD

Co-Authored-By: amshamah419 <42912128+amshamah419@users.noreply.github.com>

* Update docs/tests/TestFiltering.md

Co-Authored-By: amshamah419 <42912128+amshamah419@users.noreply.github.com>

* Update docs/tests/TestFiltering.md

Co-Authored-By: amshamah419 <42912128+amshamah419@users.noreply.github.com>

* Changes to according to PR. Others will follow.

* Changes to according to PR

* Changes per PR

* Global variable + Integration Constant

* Fixed Links

* Fixed more links

* Removed links to etc

docs/README.md, after:

# Welcome!
First and foremost, welcome to Demisto! There are some things to know when it comes to the Demisto platform and the outline below should help you get started on the right foot.

If you have *ANY* questions, just ask. We will be more than happy to help you!

## Creating an Integration
After you have done the above, we will look at Demisto and get started on your first integration.

[Follow the steps here to learn about the Demisto IDE](https://github.com/demisto/content/blob/master/docs/getting_started/README.MD)

[Watch our tutorial video here](https://github.com/demisto/content/blob/master/docs/tutorial-video/README.md)

[Learn about fetching incidents](https://github.com/demisto/content/blob/master/docs/fetching_incidents/README.md)

[Adding information to DBot](https://github.com/demisto/content/blob/master/docs/dbot/README.md)

[Understanding the YAML file structure](https://github.com/demisto/content/blob/master/docs/yaml-file-integration/README.MD)

[Creating playbooks](https://github.com/demisto/content/blob/master/docs/creating_playbooks/README.MD)

## Code Conventions
The Demisto Code Conventions will help you understand how we format our Integrations and some of the tips and tricks we have developed over the years.

[Learn about the Demisto Code Conventions](https://github.com/demisto/content/blob/master/docs/code_conventions/README.MD)
 
## Context and Outputs
The Demisto platform relies heavily on collecting data from various endpoints (integrations) and creating a "Context" for them. This allows customers to be able to use the data to perform various tasks they may need to accomplish.

[Click here to learn about Context and Outputs](https://github.com/demisto/content/blob/master/docs/context_and_ouputs/README.MD)

## Context Standards
When we are working with data that is generic across all platforms, we format them according to our context standards. This helps integrations work interchangeably inside other playbooks.

[Learn about our Context Standards here](https://github.com/demisto/content/blob/master/docs/context_standards/README.MD)

## Docker
In some cases, it will be necessary to create a docker image to enable your integration to run. When this happens, we must create a new docker image using the steps outlined here:

[Create a Docker Image](https://github.com/demisto/content/blob/master/docs/docker/README.MD)

## Contributing
Finally, you have tested your code, it's working the way you'd like, and you made sure that your integration is not going to sneak any "surprise features" into Demisto. You are ready to push your code.

[Learn about sending your code through the Demisto Gauntlet](https://github.com/demisto/content/blob/master/docs/contributing/README.MD)
